aljazera has obtained footage of bodies
piled up in a school in Northern Gaza
Witnesses tell us that they were
executed by the Israeli military the
dead include women and children the
shadya Abu gazala school is a un run
facility that has become a shelter
during this war but may now be the scene
of a war crime rasul SAR begins our
coverage and a warning viewers may find
some of the pictures in this report
distressing I cannot stand this I cannot
stand aside says this man after seeing
the gruesome scene in a school in
jabalia Northern
Gaza these are the bodies of people who
had sought Refuge at Shad aazan a United
Nations run School witness says they
were civilians not Fighters killed
execution Style by the Israeli Army this
women's niece is among the victims she
was hiding from the bombardment here in
the school building we did not know
where she was her mother brothers
sisters and Uncle were all killed she
says the victim's families had been
searching for
them the Israeli soldiers stormed the
school took all the men then entered
classrooms and opened fire on a woman
and all the children with her even the
newborn babies among them the Israeli
soldiers executed those innocent
families at Point
Blank thean Agency for Palestinian
refugees says 103 of its facilities in
student schools have been hit by Israeli
bombs some directly targeted since
October the
7th in Kan yunes in southern Gaza which
Israel maintains it safe several
residential buildings were damaged in
air strikes residents and rescue teams
are searching for survivors beneath
lav the center ofun is dangerous but
South hunis should be a safe place we
thought it was a safe place but look
they struck here two days ago they
struck there many were
killed shocked and traumatized these
children who survived the air attacks
are being taken to the city's Naser
Hospital one of the few in Gaza still
functioning it is overwhelmed by the
number of people in need of
treatment further south in Rafa at the
very end of the Gaza strep the scale of
Destruction is immense squares and
buildings are leveled daily for
Palestinians from the north to the South
nowhere is safe they have nowhere to go
Ru SAR Al jazer let's go to Tark abazo
in Rafa and Southern Gaza Tark we're
getting reports of more Israeli air
strikes in sou Southern Gaza I
understand one was not far from where
you are what can you tell
us yes uh the air strike of by the
occupation Air Forces had been
intensified and this time in the south
of Gaza Strip in the area that is
designated as a safe Zone we are just
here in at Kuwaiti hospital and the air
strike was just early far away from us a
few uh uh meters away where Residential
Building had been completely destroyed
and the number of Palestinians have been
injured and were transported to Al
Kuwaiti hospital to receive treatment
another air strike just uh took place
just a few kilometers away from us in
bashit neighborhood in central Rafa
where the Israeli occupation forces had
expanded and broadened their military
attacks on the south as well as the
bombardment continue in khuna city which
was uh which were was under the Israeli
intense artillery Shilling for more than
uh 2 hours from now uh the situation in
the middle governate also continue where
it has been Dar balah neighbor town and
refugee camp under intense Israeli
bombing and air strikes now there it
seems that somebody right now are
bringing more victims due to the Israeli
attack that took place in Rafa which has
been under Israeli full air strikes
since the the last
hour how are Palestinians coping at the
moment because so many of them have been
displaced they lack the basics as we
know and now the weather is making
things even harder as you've been
reporting
yes uh people in uh the areas that uh
now turn to be shelters in Al maasi uh
uh distasi area are facing a very uh
traumatic and even uh uh humilating uh
conditions where they are forced to live
in tinent camps and they have a kind of
clean absence and full blackout of
electricity without having any clear
source of for water and food as well and
there is also so a very deteriorating
condition for the hygiene situation
there which uh really I don't know how
people are living there am these
conditions and now with rain the
situation had been exacerbated as some
tents have been sunk with and with and
were flooded with uh the uh rains and
with the uh with the flooding water that
had that had in infiltrated into their
tents which deprived them from having
good conditions for living and for more
I I have been reporting there on Al
maasi area in order to see how much
people are suffering in the south of the
territory rainy cold and fluctuation of
weathers had sparked new concerns for
the majority of Palestinians especially
those who had been forcefully evacuated
from the Homeland and they were forced
to live in a very far areas in the South
we are right now in Al maasi area where
gazans were forced to live in a small
tined camps as you can clearly see right
now uh these areas considered to be uh
lacking all kinds of basic necessities
where Palestinians are forced to live in
very uh deteriorating situation uh with
a clear absence of hygiene conditions
and without having any toilet even to uh
to uh to survive and to CP now they are
living in in this uh fraggle place where
they are uh cannot even cope with the
rain and the rain has completely
exacerbate their conditions now they
they are living in tinted camps they
previously used to live in uh concrete
houses safe but the Israeli Relentless
bombing on the territory had forced them
to live and to C with the situation and
experiencing unparal conditions now
those gazans right now in Al maasi area
uh are suffering due to the uh rainy
weather anded much more growing concerns
regarding the spread of in infectuous
disease and uh respiratory infections uh
especially among young children who
hospitals become overwhelmed with uh
with a lot of patience regarding the uh
spread of this infectious disease uh due
to the lack of all hygiene conditions
right now this is the situation in al-
maasi area which considered to be the
safe Zone as it has been designated by
the Israeli occupation forces where
Palestinians are no longer able to cope
with the situation right now on the
ground these unable situations tum Al
jazer Al maasi in the south of the Gaza
STP